[Draft 15 June 2016, getting some thoughts down in a rough way...]

The Process Series started in 20XX and it is ongoing. The first phase was concluded in 2010 with the Process Compendium exhibition and publication. The Process Compendium archives Process 4 - 18. Each Process work is a text that defines a visual system. The text is interpreted in code and is displayed as software. A Process text might have more than one software interpretation, e.g. Process 18 (Software 1), Process 18 (Software 2), etc. The complete set of Process texts created to date, as well as a general description of the metasystem is [linked here.](./ProcessCompendium.md) In addition to the complete list of texts, the Process work from 2004-2010 is archived as two editions of fifteen c-prints with one _key_ print with a full set of the texts. 

The Process series starts its numbering at 4 because of a series of texts titled Structure 1 - 3 that came before. This set of texts was completed as a part of the [{Software} Structures](http://artport.whitney.org/commissions/softwarestructures/) project, commissioned by the Whitney Museum's Artport in 2004. The {Software} Structures essay, texts, and code opened the way to the Process series.

The first public exhibition of works from the Process series was the _Process / Drawing_ show at the bitforms gallery from 4 March - 3 April 2005. This show included the debut of Process 4, Process 5, and Process 6 as well as archival pigment prints related to the Processes and other works and collaborations. At this time, the Process works were installed with the instructions and software side by side. The instructions were printed as archival pigment prints and attached to the wall behind a thin sheet of plexiglass. The Process software was run on custom-built PCs without cases screwed to the wall near the floor. Monitors (17" LCD) were mounted at eye level with cables running between the PCs and the screens. 
